Steven D Kelley  0:01  
Hello, everybody. Welcome to the show. My name is Steven D Kelley, and this is the Steven D Kelley show, Truth Cat Radio, www.truthcatradio.com, and it is 6:01pm, the date is September 11, 2025 911, 2025 before we begin tonight's show. Seeing this is, this is a solemn day for many reasons, I'll do my best to serve it properly. But want to start out like this. I want to say, Lord, have mercy on us. Forgive us. Forgive us of our failures. Help us. Help Us channel our anger in such a way that it serves your desire for us to not wrestle against flesh and blood, and Lord have mercy on the souls of all those People who died on this day, 24 years ago. I at the hands of your enemy, and also Lord, we want to ask for your favor and your mercy upon all the souls of all those killed as a result of the wars that were initiated and go on to this day because of what took place 24 years ago in New York on this day. And Lord, welcome home your servant, Charlie Kirk, who was murdered yesterday in front of all of us by again, your enemy.

Steven D Kelley  2:23  
once again, Lord, help us to channel our anger properly in your name, Jesus Christ. Thank you. Okay, so the title of tonight's show is Mossad did it. Now, if you know me, you know when I say things like CIA or NSA, or Mossad, or any one of these alphabet people. I'm talking about Intertel. I'm talking about the mafia. I'm talking about whatever you call it, Rothschild, Khazarian Mafia, sons of Solomon, masons, trilaterals, Bilderbergers, whatever this thing, this dead horse, we keep beating, it won't go away. Yes, that's the enemy. Now it's hard to serve this properly, because obviously it's the 24th anniversary of 911 and the show falls on 911 and we need to talk about that, but at the same time, and I think it's no coincidence whatsoever, and there's nothing really not connected to this event regarding the murder of Charlie Kirk, who, incidentally, it'd be very easy to draw parallels to him right now in the very public murder of John F Kennedy so many years ago, or others. Of course, the graphicness of this particular murder was shocking and stunning. And of course, there are sick individuals that celebrated this. And of course these are, these are humans that we are going to have to struggle, struggle to contain our anger with their behavior in response to this assassination of a innocent man, a good Christian family man, young man, 31 years old, almost 32 less than half my age and. Here's the thing. I want to talk about 911 but it's, it's hard. I guess I'm going to talk about Charlie a little bit first. But he was one of us. He was a truther. Even though I don't follow Talking Heads, I don't I'm not a fan of any of these people. I don't pretend to be well knowledgeable about any of them. I mean, obviously ones like Ben Shapiro and what have you the work for the enemy, the Zionist, they stand out by the things they say. Charlie, of course, was different because he was a Christian, but he did, he did support Donald Trump, a Chabad Jew and a liar. That's interesting. It's so hard not to talk about 911, first. Well, you know, here's the thing, when I say this is a Mossad operation, this was a professional hit and humans, we always want to try to think of motives. We always want to try to understand what exactly happened. And we always, some of us, especially that are having some expertise in these matters, our egos get involved. This is an often reoccurring thing, such as it was 24 years ago today, after that event with 911 where all sorts of ideas came out about what exactly happened, instead of talking about who did it, of course, you're supposed to think that it was Arabs on a plane that crashed into it that did it. And of course, this is why we attacked Afghanistan. Go figure. But we'd all know the reality right now, and the very fact that they have to kill people like this Charlie Kirk guy is a huge, huge neon sign in front of your face about what it is that he stood for and what it is that he was saying that was true, that we should have been paying attention to. Again, I'm going at this very random tonight, but so be it. But let's just look at a short compilation. I mean, I've looked at plenty of videos that Charlie Kirk had made recently as close to the day before the shooting, 48, 24 hours before the shooting. Now, bear in mind, this guy had something like 5.6 million followers on I assume, Twitter, and these followers were, for the most part, Donald Trump, Magatards, conservatives, so called conservatives. But this also included Zionist, hardly hardliners and left wing Jewish elites, a lot of them, type of people that are very high up in this mafia, you know, the one that trumps part of the one that uses pedophilia and extortion, like Epstein to control naivete aside, youth aside, we all make mistakes. He was only 31 he did have a wife and kids. So, you know, when he went home at night, he probably disengaged from what was really going on and focused on those children. We could think but, but the bottom line is that he was, he was a defender of Israel, loud defender of Israel. But all of a sudden, things changed. I'm trying to think of what interview it was. He might have been on a Tucker Carlson or something like this, but it seemed to me that the mood shifted when I don't know who it was that he was interviewing. I don't think it was Tucker Carlson, but the person said that any American fighting for the IDF. Need to be deported, have lose their citizenship. And from that point on, the MAGA base switched Boom, just like that light switch. And what had happened, he started criticizing Netanyahu over the Gaza war. This is Charlie Kirk and America's support for Israel, nose dived almost instantly. And at one event, he allowed critics of Netanyahu to speak, which pissed off a lot of Zionists in the US and Israel. And on one show, Megan Kelly, he said he was appalled that Zionists. Zionists had branded him anti Semite for daring to question the war. But I think what really got him in trouble, they say they use the word suspected. But he came out and said that Epstein worked for Mossad to pedophile. Epstein worked for Mossad, and that was a most sought operation. That's the death blow right there. And he demanded the Department of Justice to unseal the files. And then he started getting the death threats, almost immediately, telling all his people who's getting all his friends. He was getting the death threats. In fact, there was a security consultant that he had got a consultation from that said that they told him flat out he was going to be killed at one of these open air college events that he liked to do so much, and nothing happened again. I don't watch these open air things. I mean, from what I understand, he's he uses logic. He'll get up there and debate people and get these crazies that want to say that, you know, I don't know, men can have babies and what have you. Some of these crazy, crazy ideas that the left, so called left, tries to promote anyway, that that pisses off a lot of people and but we'll, we'll look at that a little bit more. You know, we're going to talk about the shooting, of course, but one of the things that's incredibly suspicious is that, well, a lot of things are suspicious. Hell, there's a book out on Amazon right now about the death of Charlie cook or Kirk that was, you know, submitted to Amazon the day before the shooting. You know, just one of those stupid things come on. They can't wait to make money. Let's see. Soros backed Media Matters is, for years, called him a anti Semite for naming Jewish donors beside behind the so called Cultural Marxism spread across the USA, Marxism, Bolshevism, Zionism, same thing. He ripped the Jewish Lobby

Steven D Kelley  12:19  
for dominating US, colleges, Hollywood and non profits, all of it to promote wokeness. He criticized the Jewish elite for bankrolling Black Lives Matter. He also criticized B'nai B'rith for their anti Defamation League, which he said works hand in hand with Black Lives Matter, and he also accused liberal Jewish donors of promoting white hatred. And in his final tweets, almost like a day before he died, he bitched out the media over its silence over that little Ukrainian girl's murder on the bus that also was filmed in bloody color, unflinching. We'll talk about let's just talk about that for a second. But he slammed the media over that, accusing the elites of race baiting, because that's what all this adds up to, basically telling the so called oppressed, you know, important, whatever types that they need to kill a little blonde, blue eyed women. It's open season. It's open season. Trust me, if you live in Chicago, you know this, let me just warn you right now, if you're a little short, blonde haired, blue eyed woman, and you're not packing, you know you don't go anywhere alone. Okay, my God, do I need to tell that to you anyway. Here's the thing. I'll just say this about that little film that was of that poor little girl. First of all, she's Ukrainian, which means that she's a little darling of the US government who came over here as a refugee, I suppose, to get away from the the war going on against Russia. So if anything, she thought she was safe here, but you see her get on this bus, this little thing that looks like about all five foot two, maybe 90 pounds, 100 pounds. Who knows what? Their little hoodie she gets on the bus, and there's four black men sitting behind her. Well, she probably thought, well, you know, these brothers are going to keep each other in check. I could probably relax, because it's not like I'm alone and one of them is going to jump up and molest me. The other ones will say, Hey, stop that, right? You kind of. Think that humans, even in a group of humans, you know, peer pressure is going to going to have an effect. Anyway, in this case, the guy behind her, of course, you had, like, I don't know, 20 priors, and was out for whatever crazy reason, you know. I mean, I'm not here to judge that particular guy. Obviously, you should have been probably executed long time ago or something. But he just calmly looked at her over her shoulder, sitting behind her, and pulled out his knife, I guess, with some sort of a folding knife, and kind of stood up and proceeded to plunge that thing into her, many, many, many, many times. And she looked at him, and she crouched down as this thing was going into her, you know, shoulders and chest and what have you. And she's looking at him like, Oh, my God. I mean, my God, the fear in her eyes was just like, you know, holy crap nightmare. But you know, come on, you didn't see that when you're getting on the bus. But here's the thing, you know, and when this film originally came out, as gory as it was, they blacked out. Excuse me, I say blacked out. They blurred out. The faces of the people behind her blurred about, and you could see one person kind of get up and leave the bus after the killer walked away. Now, now, when the killer was done stabbing her, it took the little girl a moment to die. I mean, she sat there like, What the hell did I do? And then she just slept, slumped over and died. What are you going to do? Right? You go into shock. You lose a lot of blood, boom, boom, boom, that's it. Your lungs fill up with blood. Your heart stops beating. You die. She didn't know what hit her, so the guy behind the killer got up and casually walked away. Did he? Did he look at the girl? Did he offer her assistance? Did he freak out? Did he try to say, you know, subdue the attacker? No. What about the two other guys? The one sitting the furthest away, another pair of African American gentlemen, I assume, perhaps immigrants, who knows either way, what did they do? Nothing. They sat there. They just got through watching the whole fucking thing, and then they sat there. Did they get off. No, it wasn't their stop. Did they worry about it? No, they just calmly sat there, as if it was just another fucking ride on the bus. Now, if it hadn't been filmed, perhaps the reality of the callousness of these humans. The problem wouldn't have been illustrated quite so vividly and accurately, realistically, perhaps. But it is what it is you want to call that white replacement? That is exactly what it fucking is. I live in America. We don't have this class stuff. We're part of the problem. But I know how it started, of course, and I know who owned the slave ships, the same enemy

Steven D Kelley  18:26  
So anyway, Charlie Kirk, before I start talking about 911, good old Charlie Kirk, you know, here's, here's the There's so much I want to say about the guy. But first of all, like I said, he used logic and but he knew. He knew that by telling the truth, and he knew but that by saying Israel, that he was endangering his life, at the very least, alienating a significant portion of his fan base. But in a way, as he goes, so goes Maga. So he was the poster boy for all that. Well, what if you look at what happened, obviously, Donald Trump comes out and says his great friend and all this crap, Netanyahu comes out and calls him a great friend of Israel. Never mind that he just got through calling this guy out for genocide. You know, again, it's like the Kennedy murders. It's this kind of thing. This is the kind of shock. But what will happen? What will happen? Nothing will happen because people, again, will focus on motives and details with this shooting. We know that there was somebody on the roof, I reckon, roughly, I don't know it's. 60 feet up, third floor roof, perhaps Kirk was in a depressed part of an area about 200 yards away. It was a relatively easy shot, as any good shooter with a good sighted in rifle would say, could do. Most people could have made that shot. A good deer hunter could have made that shot. I gotta talk about the shot a little bit, because I'm, I'm compelled to do it, and people are still, you know, because the gore and the nature, they want to talk about it, but there's some details. Now, yes, he was wearing body armor. You could see it. You could see it under his T shirt. I know what it looks like, because I have the exact same body armor, and apparently he felt secure because of that. And he also appeared to have bodyguards, people standing by who were probably armed, security consultants, whatever, who probably also gave him a sense of security. But for whatever reason, his security was not up on the roof, the high spot directly facing him. He could technically see the spot up on the roof up there. And whether or not you want to talk him and say there's a shooter in the crowd, or the guy behind him did it, or he was making a signal, this is all irrelevant, and this is just more of this human nonsense that we like to waste time on. But from what I saw, the projectile from the rifle bullet entered above his breast, his right breast, in the area of his collarbone, above the armor, just above the armor and with a slight downward angle of a roughly 6% perhaps 7% given his well the geometry, it was A relatively, relatively flat trajectory, and yet, the bullet exited in a direction that was askew from the original trajectory. And there's a lot of speculation about the rifle, about no one said anything about the bullet. Well, they've tried to say that it was a .30-06, but trust me, I don't think that was a .30-06. And I'll inject my little opinions here and there, but they're not important. I want to move on as quick as possible. But my first impression, and it was a 223, hit the collarbone, tumbled off in a different direction, came out his neck and caused massive bleeding from his his artery, his jugular. Death was almost instantaneous. You could see the life flooding from his face just a moment after the impact of the bullet, he went down so fast he didn't even have time to drop the microphone. Brutal, fucking hit, definitely professional. How do we know it was Mossad easy? First of all, immediately in the aftermath of the shooting, police grabbed an old man who had a history of some sort of transgender activism, and as the police proceeded to restrain him and use their Israeli training, which basically means pulled his pants down and drag him away, he kept saying, I have the right to remain silent. I have the right to remain silent. No, seriously, if you're just some old guy and you're there on campus because you're there because of this Charlie Kirk guy, maybe you hate him because you're some old pedophile. Seriously, that's what it looked like. You know? Why would you say such a stupid fucking thing right after somebody got shot? I have the right to remain silent. Who coached you to say that? Very incriminating, suspicious statements. Why not? How about I didn't do it. I didn't do it. It wasn't me. I don't have a gun. What are you doing? Seriously? I see no reason unless this guy made some scene and did something after the event to attract attention, which was in order to create a diversion so the shooter on the roof could escape, and everybody would look at this old man with his pants down, instead of the guy on the roof standing up and running away, which was caught on camera, of course, the FBI came out later and they said, Ah, it wasn't that dude with the pants down. You know, how many times have they done that? But they said, we have a new person of interest. They said he's. A college age, showed some young guy with glasses and a shirt that said support veterans on it. And they gave an enhanced photo later, which basically showed a guy that looked like he was, oh, I don't know, 21, 22 years old. And they said they recovered a rifle out in the woods wrapped in a towel. Of course, it was also in a gun box, which is weird. And when I looked at it, it looked to me like a Remington 700 your basic 308, hunting rifle. And of course, I thought it was a 223, and I suppose you could get a Remington 700 or some series like that, some type of rifle like that, chambered in all sorts of rounds, anywhere from a 222, Swift, 2223, 243, whatever, 300 Winchester mag, take, take your pick. Anyway, 308, being the most common in North America for a rifle like that, that would be my next guess. And of course, at 200 yards of 308, would have a relatively, relatively flat trajectory. I know some people say, Well, he's aiming for the head. No, I don't think so. I think they were aiming into the chest cavity just above the armor. Now, somebody came out and said, you said that the bullet actually struck the edge of the armor and caused it to deflect into the chest, upward and then out the neck, and that caused this extreme, strange change in trajectory. I kind of wonder about that, because body armor typically is soft and doesn't deflect bullets. The steel does that? Steel plate does that? Soft body armor acts like a sand bag and absorbs the bullet. It has many layers of material such as Kevlar or spectra shield. Now, spectra shields is kind of plastic, and I suppose if you were wearing a modern vest made out of spectra shield, which I suspect is very common nowadays because it's, you know, plastic. I guess if it did hit somewhere close to the edge, that might cause it to deflect, and it might even cause lots of trauma, or, let's just say, impact to be absorbed into the body at the same moment. But from what I saw, there was a very visible entrance wound just above the body armor. You could see the blood on the white t shirt. You could see the instant convulsion and shock, but you could also tell that the bullet hit something inside. It didn't just hit soft tissue, because it didn't come out nice and neat. They hit a bone, and that caused even more shock to be transferred into the body, that big shake, lots of energy, and then it went up in that weird direction. By this time, it was tumbling. I made that big old bloody, gory hole after it ripped through the jugular and took all that blood out of him, it caused him to probably die within seconds, if we're lucky anyway.

Steven D Kelley  28:27  
Horrible, horrible shit. We know who damn did it. Now, one of the things, the first thing, obviously, they threw this old man at us who was supposedly gay, right then they now, they say that this gun that they found in the woods had three shells in it, bullets, which, I guess it had a magazine, a, you know, they didn't recover a shot. Spell casing, a shell casing. They didn't recover a bullet. Where's the damn projectile that supposedly went through his neck? Where's that? It didn't hit anybody? Where'd it go? How come they were haven't recovered that. But anyway, point is the FBI, your FBI, Kash Patel, the same people tell us that the Getty is clean. There are no Epstein files, and that, even though heavily redacted, Trump is a gentleman, not a pedophile, all that sort of thing. You know those guys, Ruby Ridge, you name it, criminals, absolute fucking criminals. Fuck the FBI anyway. Point is FBI Tells us now that the shells in the casings of the shells had inscriptions inscribed now i So assume that means scratched into the brass case and these casings, these slogans that were supposedly scribbled or scratched into these casings, were promoting transgender bullshit, some sort of transgender bullshit. This whole time, they have been saying that this is Some transgender bullshit, just like all these other false flags, all these transgender bastards going into churches and what have you, and shooting things up, trying to make you think there's a big ass transgender problem when they make up a tiny, tiny, tiny percentage of the population in this country, even even less in other countries, except there's another tiny, tiny percentage of people that are promoting them to try to destroy our culture and our society. But you notice when you look at these reasons that they talk about why what he did against the so called Cultural Marxism, or wokeist agendas. It doesn't say transgender. And all these bastards out there, they're saying his words killed, really, his words killed. His words did. What pissed off some fucking crazy transgender person to go shoot children, is that? Did that happen? Is that what it was, he's responsible? Good thing he's dead now? you know, here's the thing, Trump. And again, this is parallel to 911 and the Patriot Act, but Trump has come out and said now that, because of what happened Charlie Kirk, he's going to strengthen the laws in order to protect government personnel and law enforcement personnel from crazies, people that would shoot them like someone that supposedly would scribble homosexual, transgender shit on the side of a shell casing. Let me just say this, anybody that would scribble homosexual transgender slogans on a shell casing is not capable of making that fucking shot at 200 yards. It takes a little bit of skill, a little bit of discipline, little bit of training, and that sort of thing is not typically done by that sort of person. Seriously, this was a professional fucking hit, and there were multiple layers of distraction to allow this person to escape. The first layer, of course, was the old Jewish guy claiming to be a liberal, asking for his ability to be silent. That was the first layer. The second layer was the guy they saw in the staircase that they're going to try to suggest was the young man that left the rifle in the woods with the slogans, Person of Interest, that guy will come out innocent. Also, of course, if they ever find him, the real shooter was your basic Mossad fucking CIA NSA contract Intertel sniper and these other fucking patsies just allowed to get away. But Trump is going to use this against us, other truthers, and I'll tell you as somebody like myself who says the things that I say, and obviously I'm not afraid to get up on stage like Charlie. I have Jesus. I know, I know that we're doing the right thing, and I know that we will be rewarded, and I know the dying for this cause, it's one of the most noble things you could do, if it helps save lives. And ultimately, what could save more lives than the OccupyTheGetty mission, which was intended to end all of this bullshit, back to 911 since we got half the show. Talk about Charlie. I gotta talk about 911 but obviously, 911 was a fucking inside job. It was Mossad, it was Intertel You could go on and on about the motives. They want to destroy the building because it was full of asbestos. They didn't do a human sacrifice so that they can enter into a war. They wanted to blame it on Arabs in general, so they could run them up and kill them in the middle east by the millions, started with Iraq. Well, yeah, all the above, actually, it's still going on. You're trying to kill, what? 2 million right now, one and a half million, it's what? Is it down to a million? Is it? Are they? How many people are left in Gaza? Can we even say there's a million people left in Gaza yet? Yet, seriously, so many things to focus on. And if you were like Charlie Kirk, you had to pay attention to that stuff. But again, it's only appropriate that these bastards would do such a fucking thing on the eve of 911 when it's such an illustration. What are they doing? They always use. They always take attacks on us to justify more attacks on us, and Donald Trump will do that. We'll have Palantir spying on us saying these are crazy, unhinged individuals are saying bad things about Jews, white supremacists, right wing, racist. Bigots we're called. That's what they call us. They call us racist and bigots. You know, if you don't like what that poor, oppressed guy with a blade did to that little Ukrainian girl. If you're upset about that, you're a racist, you're a bigot. If you're upset about those other people sitting behind him that offered no assistance whatsoever, they did not get out their cell phones and call 911 they sat there their expressions on their faces didn't change while that little girl sat there and bled to death. Anyway. Again, I'm not here to bitch about that shit, but we like to look at details, and we missed the point, because we look at details like on 911 to this day, I still hear some crazy stuff. I mean, obviously people like Judy wood are trying to tell us that it's X ray lasers that came down DEW weapons. No, it wasn't X ray lasers. An x ray laser requires an atomic event to take place, the platform up in space, that is the platform for the X ray. X ray laser has to actually explode, and it's gamma rays. X rays need to be channeled, focused at the target on the surface, which would probably be slightly larger than the Trade Towers that went down in two different shots. So so so in other words, there's no shoot this building and then shoot that building. Okay, there's only one shoot. Okay, seriously, they could have taken out both buildings with one shot, but no X ray lasers. Those are single shot, unless it's the Russian ones, which are ground based. But today, I saw a guy that said that it was c4 placed throughout the building, throughout the building, the core of the building, added thermite and thermate mixed in together, and that this caused such a hot explosion of 1600 1800 degrees, whatever that the steel was actually to turn into a plastic state of matter,

Steven D Kelley  37:49  
disintegrate everything. He said, it had to do with the specific gravity of the steel, which was all the same as the concrete and the plastic and what have you. And he said, the reason why there's so much paper all over the place is because the paper had a different specific gravity, and it essentially was ejected from the mass of dust that was the building. Now, obviously, that's bullshit, because the building wasn't a spontaneous massive dust. I mean, come on. And he also said that during this explosion that plasma, just cells of plasma would be created, and this would basically supersede the laws of gravity. In other words, the top of the Trade Center would have taken 12 seconds for the top of it to hit the ground. Instead, the entire Trade Center came down in four seconds, which means it was defying the laws of gravity. Now. Now, how can you do that? I agree. The only way you're going to do that is with a massive change of the local environment, say, converting the matter into a plasma and changing its gravitational attributes. And of course, at certain high temperatures, have created. If the entire building was one big ball of c4 I sure that could be created. Or if it was hit by a, say, x ray laser from above that could do it. But if you were to plant a simple, cheap, low level, low yield nuke the bottom of the building and the sump of the elevator, and let that thing off. It would do the same thing. Would create a big old fountain of plasma that would cause that building to disintegrate from the top down. Because, if anybody knows anything about explosives, the actual explosion emanates from the part of the explosive furthest from the fuse, furthest from where it is ignited. Come on, people, it's not like the cartoons where you Light the cigar and the cigar blows up. No, if you ever made a pipe bomb, you know, I. Uh, the other opposite end of where the fuse is is where the thing blows up. That's why they like to put the fuse in the center of the pipe bomb, if you know what you're doing. But I don't know anything about that anyway. Point is those nuclear bombs that were used three times on 911 are almost the exact same thing that we have scattered around our country in places like oh underneath the Getty Museum, put there for the purpose of destroying these things at any given time for any given purpose, such as causing public opinion to make war on Iraq. Anyway, those weapons were paid for with the United States money from Ronald Reagan Star Wars program that were given to Israel to Dimona nuclear facility to develop low yield nuclear weapons, with the idea that you could use one in a city, you could achieve your objective, and then occupy the area almost immediately Because of the negligible residual radiation, kind of like at the Trade Center. But if you even look at the thing, you could tell that's exactly what happened. But again, people are stupid. But you know, I, I met a physicist, Swedish guy who actually had access to these isotopes, and took them back to Sweden and analyzed it and told me the story. And they said, he said that they were traced directly back to these projects at Dimona, the fingerprint, the isotope fingerprint, could be traced directly back to us funded Star Wars projects took place in Israel. So our greatest ally on this day, 24 years ago, killed at least 3000 people so that we could be goaded into killing millions of their enemies. Our enemy did that. Our enemy the same one that killed Charlie Kirk yesterday because he had turned on them and called them out for their genocide and their destruction of our culture inside the United States, that fifth column that like so many times before, when the Pharisees opened the gates and let the Babylonians in to destroy the temple, or they opened the gates and they let the Romans in to destroy the temple the second time those guys, well, they're infiltrated us, alright. Well, there's one other thing that happened yesterday. I actually this happened before Charlie was killed, and this was the first thing that upset me yesterday, and it was the attack by Israel on Qatar, one of our allies, one of our so called conservative allies in the Middle East. But you know, here's the thing, Hamas has a diplomatic building in Qatar, and this is where the all the negotiations between them and the Israelis and all that take place. All the diplomacy happens there. So that's where all their diplomats were assembled, because the United States and Israel were offering a peace plan to Hamas, and Hamas was going to accept it and sign this peace plan. So they had assembled at this location for the purposes of signing this peace plan. Have I said this before? Because it should be sounding like deja vu, because it's exactly what happened with the Iranians when they assembled their highest diplomats for nuclear negotiations, and were promptly bombed. And that's what happened in Qatar. They were bombed by the Israelis and the United States in the EU protest. And said, No, that was bad thing to do. Remember, we have a base, a massive base in the Qatar, massive producer of liquefied petroleum gas too. LNG Anyway, LNP whatever. Here's the thing Britain, some say it was Germany, actually flew tankers. I'm suspecting was more Britain that did this. They flew tankers out to meet these Israeli jet jets who were incoming. I assume they were F 35 to fill em up with fuel so they could bomb Qatar. And then they flew back to their bases and landed those planes and complained afterwards to Israel and said that was foul play, and they acted like they didn't know anything. Even Donald Trump acted like he didn't know anything, Jason, we had no prior knowledge. We didn't know anything, just like this Epstein ship, we don't know anything. You realize when Charlie was shot within two or three minutes, Netanyahu and Donald Trump were posting tweets on the internet praising Charlie as a martyr and a friend of Israel, which was obvious, rewriting, rewriting the man's legacy. But how did you even concoct that letter within two minutes? It's kind of like the book that was released the day before it happened. Seriously, Netanyahu, did you have that letter, that thing sent? I mean, come on, Trump, your usual messages on whatever medium you were using at the time. I assume it was your truth social they're relatively retarded. And this was somewhat eloquent. I am assuming you had it ready to go fucking liar.. People are disgusting. These people are fucking disgusting, and they want you to start a civil war. It's like Andrew Tate posted the other day. Now bear in mind, this is a mason fucking pedophile mafia motherfucker, and he's got a two word statement. He says, civil war. Really? Motherfucker, you're saying that from Romania, civil war. They want civil war. What do they want us to do? Hunt down the transgenders, hunt down the gays, hunt down the blacks. Hunt down. What? What the fuck is this supposed to be? Is this a fucking Jewish wet dream? Dare I say it, race war? This is what they want. Throw in a little sexual perversion on top of it. You know, let me just say this about some of this stuff. And I didn't really want to go there, but when the go there, since the show's almost over, but

Steven D Kelley  47:23  
you know when they show these piles of books burning in Germany, you know when the when Hitler had taken over, everyone goes, Oh, no, they're burning books, as if to suggest that they had emptied out the library books, or they were burning Talmuds or something, which they should be doing. I mean, seriously, hell, I could talk about burning the Talmud, but we won't do that another show. But the point is, is that all those books that were being burned were about transgenders, homosexuality, that kind of thing. Again, not doing a show to slam homosexuals, because I know a lot of you, you're very hurt right now, but it's not this is not you. It's these people pushing this bullshit and pushing you out into the fucking line of fire, as if to suggest that it was you that pulled the trigger on Charlie, or you were some Arab that has something to do with 911 we know it was all bullshit. We know who the enemy is. The same people that had Christ crucified, same people, the same people that let the Babylonians in, the same people that let the fucking Romans in. The same people behind Ukraine, the same people behind the genocide, the same people behind Jeffrey Epstein, and not just individuals like Donald Trump, because he's just part of something much bigger. But ultimately, again, once, once and for all, you all know the answer. You all know the answer. You should all know the answer by now, I'm tired of telling you, but you know, there's so much anger right now, and it's like Charlie, I swear, you know, again, I never really paid attention to the guy. I he's just another talking head. You know, he was a Trump fan. I had no reason to pay attention to the guy, but I'd been listening to his videos, and he had a he had a conversation with Tucker Carlson. And yeah, Tucker, you claim to be a Christian, but you got that Satan red string on your wrist. Who do you really work for? I don't think Charlie had one of those, but, but Charlie, he basically came out and said that he had faith. And he said that anybody that has faith has an anchor. Faith in Jesus, they have an anchor. They don't go insane over this stuff. And he also reminded everybody that we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against spirits. Powers demons in high places. This is a this is the epitome of our mission. This is a poster child for our mission. We know that we need to expose this enemy, but we know that if we our anger is allowed to explode and bloodlust takes over, they'll get what they want. But no, we know that if we are going to end them once and for all, we need to contain it. We need to channel that energy. We need to listen to Charlie and realize that this enemy is of a spiritual nature, and that doesn't mean that we're not going to end it, but what that means is that we need to focus on the spiritual nature of our enemy, which is their satanic practices, which are done formally under places like Epstein island, But now the most obvious, vulnerable location where we know this is happening as the Getty, and all we have to do is focus on this one location. I would be more than happy to get up on stage just like Charlie and scream all day about the Getty, more than happy. And if I could be so fortunate to go out like him, to be able to to die promoting truth and freedom, and doing it with the confidence that Jesus was ultimately protecting us all and grateful for our efforts. What more do we need? So what? What greater example could we have? There's there's your hero. People. We don't need to sanctify anything in particular. He said because he was still a young man, and we all make mistakes, but he was smart enough to know that in the end, Jesus is the anchor that keeps us all sane, that guides our conscience and tells us what we should be standing up for and giving us the courage to do that, and what? What more do we need for our mission? That's a perfect example. So we don't have to argue about if it was a plane or if it was thermite or whatever. We don't have to argue about what took down flight 800 who shot JFK? We don't have to argue about what the caliber was, where the impact spot was, what Charlie was doing with a ring on his hand when he was shot. Little silly, ass, things like that. It doesn't matter. What matter is that he's a vivid, vivid example that was given to us we should follow. I can't think right now of a better way to go, because it's like, you know, it's like I said before, all my heroes are dead, and anybody willing to die for their cause and their truth is a fucking hero. So this man is a bonafide hero, and forevermore, 911 and the day before 911 will be connected to this man and his fight against the same enemy that caused 911 he talked about it Well, he didn't say Mossad, but he Yeah, he did. He said Mossad, he said Epstein. He said all that stuff. If he was alive today, he'd probably talking about 911 but here we are. Anyway, people, before I go, if you want to help out economically. Of course, the PayPal, stevenkelley714@yahoo.com, and you gotta say friend or family. If you want to talk to me or do any corresponds whatsoever, you gotta use law17gun@aol.com. Healing is free. Always is. Send me your photo and your full name. Tell me what the problem is. Free. Free, free. What more do I need to say? Join my group on telegram. https://t.me/OfficialOccupyTheGettyPage and if you plan on going to the event in London, Saturday, there's Tommy Robinson event, be careful. Could be another false flag. Alright, everybody, thank you for tuning in. Once again. It's with a heavy heart that I have to do a show like this, and yet I'm numb. I'm numb. I'm angry, but I'm always angry. I hope you are too, and I hope. You channel that anger the best way possible. Alright, people, once again. My name is Steven D Kelley, and this is the Steven D Kelley show, and we are truth cat radio, www, dot truth cat radio.com, the one and only. Mr. Kittens, looking good. I gave him a nice impression. Well, I gave as much impression as I could. He kind of stopped me halfway. But anyway, I look forward to talking to you all soon, and telegram and email correspondence, and I love you all, even you guys that I hate, okay, the best, strongest sign of friendship is when you insult me as I insult you. Even worse. Okay, so, like I said, I love you all. Good night. God bless adios and goodbye.

